README.md, before:

 # Navbar-Highlighter

Navbar highlighter provides an easier way to activate link based on controller and action used by rails.

**Usecase:**  You want to activate certain links when user is hits `static` controller's `index` action. you just need to add `data-controller='controller_name'` and `data-action='action_name'` in order to add specified class to it when user hits this controller's action.

## Usage

Add `navbar_highlighter` to Gemfile and `bundle install`
```ruby
gem 'navbar_highlighter'
```

Add the following to your `app/assets/javascripts/application.js`:

    //= require navbar_highlighter

Now, Initialize navbar highlighter using following code, this can be done in a separate js file. for example: `navbar_highlighter_init.js`

If you are doing so, don't forget to add it to `asset.rb` like so:
    `Rails.application.config.assets.precompile += %w( navbar_highlighter_init.js )`


    (function(){
      var data = {
        // navbar you want to use.
        navBar: $('[data-navbar=highlight]'),

        // navbar links class selector
        linkSelectorClass: 'primary-link',

        // name of the class you want to add to activate a link
        classNameToAdd: 'active-link'
      },

      linkHighlighter = new NavbarHighlighter(data);
      linkHighlighter.init();

    })();
Add`<%= navbar_highlighter_tags %>` to any layout that you are using.

---
##### Add `data-controller='controller-name'` and `data-action='action-name'` to the links you want to add class based on controller and action.

---

#### Add `data-navbar='highlight'` to navbar just like below snippet:


    <nav data-navbar="highlight">
      <ul class="primary-nav-list">
        <li class="primary-menu">
          <a href="/" class="primary-link" data-controller="sessions" data-action="index">
            Home
          </a>
        </li>

        <li class="primary-menu">
          <a href="/users" class="primary-link" data-controller="users" data-action="index" data-parent='sessions'>
          <!-- Adding data-parent='controller_name' will add active-link class to parent link i.e Home link in this case. -->
          Users
          </a>
        </li>
        <ul>
    </nav>


**Note:**

As user hits `sessions_controller` `index` action `Home` link will be active, and when user clicks `Users` link `Users` link will be get `active-link` class.
# New feature
Adding a `data-parent='controller_name'` to link will add class to parent link as well as the child link.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/abhikanojia/navbar_highlighter. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the NavbarHighlighter project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/abhikanojia/navbar_highlighter/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Change data attribute selector for current url

README.md, after:

 # Navbar-Highlighter

Navbar highlighter provides an easier way to activate link based on controller and action used by rails.

**Usecase:**  You want to activate certain links when user is hits `static` controller's `index` action. you just need to add `data-controller='controller_name'` and `data-action='action_name'` in order to add specified class to it when user hits this controller's action.

## Usage

Add `navbar_highlighter` to Gemfile and `bundle install`
```ruby
gem 'navbar_highlighter'
```

Add the following to your `app/assets/javascripts/application.js`:

    //= require navbar_highlighter

Now, Initialize navbar highlighter using following code, this can be done in a separate js file. for example: `navbar_highlighter_init.js`

If you are doing so, don't forget to add it to `asset.rb` like so:
    `Rails.application.config.assets.precompile += %w( navbar_highlighter_init.js )`


    (function(){
      var data = {
        // navbar you want to use.
        navBar: $('[data-navbar=highlight]'),

        // navbar links class selector
        linkSelectorClass: 'primary-link',

        // name of the class you want to add to activate a link
        classNameToAdd: 'active-link'
      },

      linkHighlighter = new NavbarHighlighter(data);
      linkHighlighter.init();

    })();
Add`<%= navbar_highlighter_tags %>` to any layout that you are using.

---
##### Add `data-controller='controller-name'` and `data-action='action-name'` to the links you want to add class based on controller and action.

---

#### Add `data-navbar='highlight'` to navbar just like below snippet:


    <nav data-navbar="highlight">
      <ul class="primary-nav-list">
        <li class="primary-menu">
          <a href="/" class="primary-link" data-controller="sessions" data-action="index">
            Home
          </a>
        </li>

        <li class="primary-menu">
          <a href="/users" class="primary-link" data-controller="users" data-action="index" data-parent='sessions'>
          <!-- Adding data-parent='controller_name' will add active-link class to parent link i.e Home link in this case. -->
          Users
          </a>
        </li>
        <ul>
    </nav>


**Note:**

As user hits `sessions_controller` `index` action `Home` link will be active, and when user clicks `Users` link `Users` link will be get `active-link` class.

# New feature

Adding a `data-parent='controller_name'` to link will add class to parent link as well as the child link.

Different un-related links can be highlighted using `data-highlight-on=<%= current_url %>`. This can be useful when you want to highlight links based on current url.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/abhikanojia/navbar_highlighter. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the NavbarHighlighter project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/abhikanojia/navbar_highlighter/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
